From this module you learn a lot about Ph.D. declined.
Now there's So one nice feature I want to share with you which I haven't touched on at all interceptors
now.
Right now we're always sending the request and adjust leece our application like dead.
It's a typically used case that you want to do something with every request.
Your app is sending though for example that our application set DS free perms here with öffentlichen
we have to do this on every request we send manually like this put request.
And then again on this get request wouldn't it be nice if we could send our request like this just reaching
out to a Ural not fetch a token here.
And the same for our Put request not fetch a token here but instead we just sent a request like this
but we get some place in our application which checks every outgoing request and manipulates it.
For example by setting some headers if we were to send and offer I sation header for example or manipulating
the parent is we're sending.
Turns out we can do this with an interceptor and I will show you how it works.
You'll actually create a new file for this and I'll trade it in the shared folder and I will name it
all DOD interceptor dot TS again describing what's inside to file as we always do in our angular apps.
Now here are export a new class which will name of interest setter following this naming convention
of being clear about what's inside this class.
And this will implement a special interface provided by the HTP client library.
The HTP enter center interface does of course has to be imported.
So let me add the import statement HTP interests center and it's imported from ET Engler Carmen h t
d p.
This interface requires us to implement a certain method de intercept method the intercept method gets
two arguments their request which is of type H to the request.
That's a type you have to import from an angle or common HTP to.
It's a generic type and hero set it to any because it can get any type of request.
I don't know which type it will be.
So that's a request.
We also get a second argument name a next here because this is of type HTP handler.
You need to import this from an angle or a common age to be P-Q and th dippie handler is actually an
object which will give you a special method you can execute to let your request continue its journey.
If you never call that the request actually won't leave your app and I will come back.
Does that before diving into this.
Let's see what the intercept method here actually returns.
It returns an observable because angular uses observable to wrap the HTP requests observable needs to
be imported from our ex-chief Yes slash observable observable is a generic type and yet we know it will
eventually give us back an HDP event which also needs to be imported from at angular common age to Depay
and which also is a generic type of type.
Any In this case because it could return any and D.S. event upload progress event or simply an event
that the response of stare that space set up we're not returning anything.
Right now though now these symbols thing we can return is next.
So does secte argument we're getting here and there we can call the handle method and simply pass the
request got to it.
What this will do is it will simply let the request continue its journey now for now as all of you are
all at a console lock statement where I'll simply say ENTRAR said it.
And they'll also output the request.
So right now with this setup we're intercepting any HTP request we want to send.
We then simply let it continue by calling next handle and passing the unmodified request and we're logging
this right now.
Nothing is happening because just creating this file and this class is of course everything we need
to do with angle or doesn't add does as an interceptor it respects or it handles when you send a request
by default.
It doesn't do that and it is good that it doesn't do that.
You have to tell it that you want to use as interceptor.
So for this we need to provide it because it basically is injected into your application by angler.
Now we need to do this for the full application so do it in the core module there I also inject or provide
all the other services I want to use.
Now add a new service however not by adding of interest here.
Does this not what you do instead of use a different way of providing things.
Does a syntax you rarely use.
But here we have to use it.
You pass a javascript object.
This object has to have a pro-white property which angler will check to find out what you want to provide.
Here we have to use a special placeholder or token angular understands age to be underscore interim
setters all uppercase.
This needs to be imported from the US at English common HTP modules so HTP interceptors is imported
from angular common age.
This tells angular what we will provide here is an HTP interceptors.
So please add it to the pipeline of interest setters you are aware of and you send every outgoing request
Frue saying hello will do it automatically but only if you registered an interceptor by doing this.
However it is not enough we tell angler we want to set up an interceptor.
But of course we need to tell it which intercept are dead.
Yes we do it by adding the used class property and here you now point to the off intruders said or duty
class.
We just created you of course also need to import to Denn but pointing to that file we created import
that class type and set it up as the class you want to use as an interceptor.
The last thing you have to do is add multi and set it to true dishtowels angular that you can have multiple
of these.
And of course you can register multiple interceptors by simply duplicating this basically let's stick
to one now.
And with that we got everything set up.
We made English aware of our interest and that it should use it.
And we created it and implemented HTP interceptor which forced us to have an intra set method which
is the math that Engler will indeed and execute when it sends a request.
Now so let's log in and see this in action.
Let's DUDAS for fetching data.
So call fetch data and we get to intercept intercept log as well as the request which we all to log
there.
But then of course we also get back to normal response data because it doesn't block our requests.
That's a different thing.
If I actually don't return next handle here.
But if I instead return NULL for example if we do this and save debt we don't get a compilation error.
But if they go back to my applications sign in and under recipe's Maybe I delete the schnitzel.
Now if I fetch my data here I actually get an error because when I subscribed to my observable I try
to subscribe to no because we blocked their request and we don't return request or we don't let it continue
its journey.
So subscribing and all that stuff won't work.
So therefore this breaks the code because you have to call next handle and pass the request to it to
let it continue.
Now let's see what else you can do with it and how we can set our own parameters on this outgoing request.